as the bell rings remember that there's
no guarantee anyone will walk out of
this with their careers intact
there it is hey down
Frankensteiner
oh my gosh when I look at all the pages
in WWE's history but I stopped when I
see Rey Mysterio and the 2006 Royal
Rumble Ray entered the rumble at number
two and outlasted Triple H and Randy
Orton in the final moment Rey Mysterio
overcame insurmountable odds that night
and I'll never know just how he did it
it was absolutely amazing
Rey Mysterio groggy and wide open hair
doing whatever it takes to win whoa oh
he got him what makes a man even want to
take a gamble like that can how should I
know I'm scared of heights
oh my gosh
what a shot
el jefe
oh wow
look at this doing whatever it takes to
win oh no that did it
looks to be in some pretty bad trouble
here how can he get out of this mess
what he needs is for his opponent to
make a mistake if that happens he's
right back in this thing
that didn't work reversal Oh
and he gets back in the ring too and
he's heading back inside the ring
el jefe
like
it's going to take another chance Oh
something that has always struck me
about Rey Mysterio is what great
instincts he has inside the squared
circle now most of his opponents found
that out the very first time they
compete against it you think you've got
him dead to rights and then he'll
reverse the finisher on you put them
jakren el jefe how awesome was that and
again el jefe going to the top rope whoa
huge move can we see a little time he
thinks he has it 23 el jefe wins
they met
you